---
layout: post
title: "Week 1"
date: 2026-06-01
---

My second week at the AIDA Lab involved attending meetings, continuing to build my theoretical background, and starting some hands-on work. Here are the highlights from my second week:

- **Foundational Concept Review and Multimodal AI Learning:** Continued reviewing lecture recordings from Shuo's *Deep Learning for Multimodal AI* course and met with Shuo to continue covering foundational machine and deep learning concepts. This week's focus covered major CNN architectures, like AlexNet, VGG, ResNet, and the use of CNNs for tasks like object detection and text classification. This week also covered defining concepts in Natural Language Processing (NLP), like word vectors and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), including LSTMs.
- **Hands-on Implementation:** Successfully completed a programming project implementing image classification using logistic regression on the MNIST dataset within the TensorFlow Keras framework.
- **Project Planning and Lab Workflows:** Reviewed DREAM fellowship timeline and proposal, and drafted a brief overview of the project proposal. I also got oriented to the AIDA lab's sprint tracking and productivity systems for team communications.
- **DREAM Mentorship and Community Kickoff Meetings:** Attended the DREAM Kickoff meeting, where I met fellow students, research advisors, and mentors to discuss how to get the most out of this research fellowship, which serves as a bridge for CS Master's students from non-CS backgrounds to explore research and PhD pathways. I also had my first meeting with my research mentor, [Dr. Tom Williams](https://people.mines.edu/twilliams/), who will be guiding me in developing foundational research skills, building professional networks, and preparing for future PhD opportunities.

Thanks for following along. Looking forward to sharing what comes next!
